tie-downs they don't say advanced this
is an advanced training class now you do
not need to know all of this stuff
alright to be successful this business
I'm kind of teaching guys some of the
stuff that you don't usually hear some
some of the sales techniques that you
have to go through reading lots of books
on alright I remember the first time I
heard has it changed my life
it will change your life if you didn't
already know about this or if you did
and you start applying it all right
they'll change your home life you know
change the way you communicate with
everyone instead of asking people things
where they can say no instead you use a
tie down a tie down is anything alright
that ends any word that ends with an
apostrophe T if anytime you inserted
into a sentence it makes it more
persuasive it's a lot of fun and then
you can really reinforce it with head
nodding stuff alright you know a head
nodding you guys agree alrighty now
watch this give you a couple of examples
you know right here as you can see but
you know just focus over you know using
words like shouldn't could is it won't
can't don't aren't wouldn't stuff like
that like for instance instead of saying
hey listen can you come out to the to
the Thursday night event you know there
you go no say what hey listen you don't
see any reason why you couldn't make it
out there tonight that Thursday you know
7 p.m. do you don't see the reason why I
couldn't do that do you do it over the
phone
you know ya ask you a question say you
know for instance because a lot of
people because here's what it does it
forces them to think of an excuse of why
they can't and if they and if they can't
think really quick alright and most of
the times they won't especially if they
have some bogus reason for not going
what ends up happening is they just go
blank for instance you know if I'll say
well Diane listen you don't see any
reason why you couldn't hop on this
website real quick do you know okay now
if you want to say yes you know I want
you to say yes hey listen you don't see
the reason why you could
hop on this website real quick did yes I
haven't found the things I need to do
bingo but yes she like she felt like she
needed to justify them so she okay I'm
pong yeah because saying I was thinking
she's got but it's not a yes or no it's
a she said something I don't want to
hear she's got to explain and give me
her excuse or objection and what's
really interesting is most of the times
people don't have you know they don't
have a legitimate reason but she's like
yes I have other things to do and if I
just be quiet
she'll start telling me those things I
don't say silence is dead it's probably
one of most powerful closing tools you
ever have to be some if I was just
silent after that she would start
telling stuff she hasn't you be like
like I have to fish she'd be struggling
and then what I would do is I would just
say never do that later couldn't you
you'll see a reason why I couldn't do
that after the vendee know right 7:00
p.m. Wingate I'll see you there
barrels like done no no you know these
types of things work for everything in
life
you know watch you can use this at home
wives you can tell your husband's things
now they're going to be able to do stuff
that they normally would have found in
your scores honey you could change that
lightbulb can't you you don't see any
reason why you couldn't get to that
right now dude you don't see any reason
why you couldn't take out that garbage
real quick before the game starts video
oh yeah great well you could probably
handle that during the commercial break
could you I mean you don't see any see
any reason why you can
well once you agree that's just a five
minute task isn't it
you see the wood isn't it anytime you
put an apostrophe T in any sentence
it's just dynamic isn't it you guys all
day are gonna be underneath my control
aren't you you wanted we're gone you're
still going to do it and I appreciate
you guys going home but you really would
have much of a choice subconsciousness
all right let's turn to the next thing
would you guys agree that that's a
pretty powerful stuff oh you having fun
yeah most important thing look you got
that fun with this all right so that
type of stuff
when I started to do that it
revolutionized my life like and it's
funny because my friends when I talk to
them they don't even know that I'm doing
it to them whatever I was like hey
listen you know you don't see here's why
you couldn't go out to the movies
tonight oh yeah and I had plans in the
pool your plants and I got to tell me
their plans and I call it you could just
do that afterwards it's great it's great
I'm telling you listen your
conversations with people are going to
flow from now on because you're no
longer going to get put off you know by
ridiculous excuses and when they give
you those ridiculous excuses you'll know
exactly what it is to overcome all right
so let's talk about approaching a
prospecting see there's really not that
many phases to this business I'm just
really getting in depth and breaking
some stuff down you know but things like
approaching a prospect look these are
the faces in this business contact and
expose all right present all right and
then there's train and then there's
during the training you're just teaching
them to repeat the process that's it
that's about it all right
but Alice